1. Blink inbuilt LED of your board and explain the program you wrote to blink it.

	Explain these methods:
	pinMode(LED_BUILTIN, OUTPUT);
	digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH);

Ans) pinMode(..., ...) is the method to specify the I/O pin that we are going to use to program the circuit. digitalWrite is the method to specify the action i.e. to be performed, here HIGH 	means to provide higher voltage ( either 3.3V or 5v) to turn on the InBuilt LED.

2. LED_BUILTIN, OUTPUT,INPUT, LOW, HIGH: What do they actually refer to ? Explain what is a Macro Definition, How do you create a Macro definition and what is the purpose of its existence?

Ans) LED_BUILTIN: This constant refers to the built-in LED on most Arduino boards, typically connected to digital pin 131. It’s used to easily control the on-board LED without needing 	to specify the pin number directly.
	OUTPUT: To produce an Output, here when the pin is set to OUTPUT, it can send voltage to other components (e.g., turning on an LED).
	INPUT: Used with the pinMode() function to set a pin as an input. When a pin is set to INPUT, it can read voltage from other components (e.g., reading the state of a button).
	HIGH: This constant represents a high voltage level (e.g., 5V on a 5V board or 3.3V on a 3.3V board). When a pin is set to HIGH, it outputs this voltage level.
	LOW: This constant represents a low voltage level (0V). When a pin is set to LOW, it outputs 0V.
	
	** Macro Definition
	A macro definition in programming is a way to define a piece of code that can be reused multiple times. In C/C++ , macros are defined using the #define preprocessing directive.

	#define light 7
         > In this example, light is defined as 7. Whenever light is used in the code, it will be replaced by 7 during the pre-processing stage before the actual compilation.

	Purpose of Macro Definitions:

	> Code Readability: Using meaningful names instead of numbers makes the code easier to read and understand.
	> Maintainability: If you need to change the pin number, you only need to update the macro definition instead of changing every instance in the code.
	> Reusability: Macros can be used to define common pieces of code that are reused multiple times, reducing redundancy.

3. What is the purpose of the setup() function in Arduino programming?

Ans) setup() is used for the preparation of the Arduino Sketch. It is called once when the Arduino Board is first turned on or reset.
	> It is used to set pinMode or initialise Serial communication.

4. What does the pinMode() function do in the setup() function?

Ans) The pinMode() function is used to configure a specific pin to behave either as an input or an output, like - 
	pinMode(pin, mode);
	> pin: The number of the pin you want to set.
	> mode: The mode you want to set for the pin, which can be INPUT, or OUTPUT.

5. What is the role of the loop() function in Arduino programming?

Ans) loop() is the execution of the Arduino Sketch. It is called throughout the process until the board is turned off or reset. 
	> It generally includes the code i.e. to be run continuously.

6. what does the digitalWrite() function do?

Ans) digitalWrite() is the function used to set a digital pin to either HIGH or LOW voltage.

7. What is the significance of LED_BUILTIN in the code?

Ans) LED_BUILTIN refers to the pin number connected to the on-board LED, typically pin 13.

8. Why is there a delay() function in the loop() function, and what does it do?

Ans) The delay() function pauses the program for a specified time in milliseconds.

9. How does the setup() function differ from the loop() function?

Ans) The setup() function runs once at the start to initialize settings, while the loop() function runs repeatedly.

10. What will happen if you change the value in the delay() function from 1000 to 500?

Ans) Changing the delay() value from 1000 to 500 makes the LED blink twice as fast, i.e. 1000ms = 1seconds, 500ms = 0.5seconds.

11. What is the significance of HIGH and LOW in the digitalWrite() function?

Ans) HIGH sets the pin voltage to 5V (or 3.3V), and LOW sets it to 0V (ground).

12. How would you modify the code to make the LED stay on for 2 seconds and off for 1 second?

Ans) The code can be modified to delay(2000) after digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH) for staying on for 2seconds and delay(1000) after digitalWrite( LED_BUILTIN, LOW ) to Off for 1 second.